Add Hooks section to LSP7/8/9 Specification (#92)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-7-DigitalAsset.md

MUST be emitted when `tokenOwner` disables `operator`.

### Hooks

Every contract that supports the LSP7 standard SHOULD implement these hooks:

#### _notifyTokenSender

Calls the `universalReceiver(..)` function on the sender address when transferring or burning tokens, if it supports LSP1 InterfaceID, with the parameters below:

- `typeId`: keccak256('LSP7TokensSender')

> - `data`: The data sent SHOULD be encodePacked containing the `sender` (address), `receiver` (address), `amount` (uint256) and the `data` (bytes) respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data`: The data sent SHOULD be packed encoded and contain the `sender` (address), `receiver` (address), `amount` (uint256) and the `data` (bytes) respectively. 
```

#### _notifyTokenReceiver

Calls the `universalReceiver(..)` function on the receiver address when transferring or minting tokens, if it supports LSP1 InterfaceID, with the parameters below:

- `typeId`: keccak256('LSP7TokensRecipient')

> - `data`: The data sent SHOULD be encodePacked containing the `sender` (address), `receiver` (address), `amount` (uint256) and the `data` (bytes) respectively.

Reviewer: _same suggestion as above_
